git-init: add --object-format example (#4888)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-init.md

`git init`

> - Initialize a repository using SHA256 for writing objects (requires git version 2.29+):

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
- Initialize a repository using SHA256 for object hashes (requires git version 2.29+):
```
